kikiki Hoonah this is the smallest known
flying insect its name means tiny bit
and it can only be seen through a
microscope dust mites these are actually
arachnids not insects they're closely
related to spiders and some extinct
ticks tardigrades also known as a water
bear or a moss piglet its name means
slow-paced amoebas an amoeba lives for a
little more than two days but because it
reproduces by diving it's considered
partly immortal fleas they win the award
for being the best jumpers in the world
in relation to their size fairy flies
there are more than 1,400 fairy fly
species and some of them can dive
underwater using their wings as paddles
the smallest frog it's so tiny you can
hardly see it with the unaided eye and
is closely followed by the world's
smallest fish despite its size it lives
in water that's as acidic as a Pepsi or
a coke conga ants they've been given the
nickname of the 24-hour ant because
their sting can last a whole day come on
shake your body baby do the conga so
hurry
bumblebee bats not only are they the
smallest bats in the world they're also
the smallest mammals they can rest
easily on your fingers
American cockroaches they can dive under
water and hold their breath for 40
minutes cockroaches were crawling around
when the dinosaurs roamed the earth be
hummingbirds one of these beats its
wings 80 times per second on average and
it can go as fast as 200 times a second
during a courtship display hey you got a
show-off beta these fish have an organ
near their gills called a labyrinth
which allows them to take air from the
water on the surface sometimes they make
bubble nests preying mantises they can
rotate their heads 180 degrees and
they're related to both cockroaches and
termites still unknown what they're
praying about house lizards these
lizards are very adaptable they will
look for insects and spiders to eat
inside your home
the male Hercules beetle the adults of
these species don't live very long
compared to their larval stage which can
last for two years
giant African land snails the largest
one ever discovered was 15 and a half
inches long and weighed as much as two
soccer balls escargots any one kangaroo
rats they don't drink any water at all
instead they hydrate by eating seeds
they have pouches at the sides of their
cheeks to carry their food back to their
burrows goliath frogs their name means
giant and with good reason this is the
largest frog species in the world
earthworms the biggest one ever found
was almost 15 inches long and it weighed
as much as a chocolate bar hmm how about
a worm chocolate bar anyone any one
giant huntsman spiders this is the
world's largest spider by leg span
common rabbits they enjoy exploring
gardens at night and some of their
favorite treats are peas and lettuce yep
your peas and lettuce in your garden
giant stick insects they spend most of
the day motionless hiding under plants
but when it gets dark they thrive
atlantic crabs since they don't have
teeth they crush their food with their
legs before passing it to their mouths
Wow dinner with that would be
entertaining koalas they rarely drink
water and instead satisfy their
hydration needs with eucalyptus leaves
they're also marsupials not bears cats a
kitty named feely set was the first cat
to go into space in 1963 arctic foxes
they can smell seal layers from more
than a mile away marred wolves these are
related to hyenas and their name means
earth wolf in both Afrikaans and Dutch
lobsters they come in all sorts of
colors when they're born like blue
yellow and red
they can also be albinos golden
retrievers they're naturally very mouthy
which means they like carrying stuff in
their mouths wherever they go from
sticks and toys to clothes red foxes
despite the name not all of them are red
some are also silver and even black
baboons
they have at least ten different
vocalizations to communicate with other
members of their group European eels
female eels carry more than three
million eggs at a time
giant pangolins their tongues are longer
than their bodies and they retract them
into an area in their abdomens a invite
them over for dinner with the atlantic
crabs
capybaras these giant rodents have teeth
that never stopped growing they need to
wear them down by grazing on plants
white-tailed deer these fellas are the
smallest member of the North American
deer family adults have a reddish coat
in the summer but it fades to a dull
brown shade in the winter humans our
small teeth are as strong as a sharks
they have them over for dinner with the
pangolins and the crabs and watch the
fun
cheetahs they're the world's fastest
land animal they can reach 70 miles per
hour in just three seconds grizzly bears
even in hibernation the grizzly bear
isn't a heavy sleeper and it can wake up
easily gray wolves it's believed that
they were first team more than 15,000
years ago they can go without food for
more than a week red kangaroos some
female red kangaroos have a blue tinged
coat Australians call them blue flyers
polar bears well they aren't white
they're actually black their fur has
transparent hollow cores that reflect
light and make them look white horses
horses can lock the major joints in its
legs to help it sleep standing up a mule
is the offspring of a female horse and a
male donkey how's a baby cow is called a
calf a female baby cow is a heifer calf
and a little male cow is a bull calf
Jaguars out of all the big cats these
guys have the most powerful bite for
their size Lions even though they're at
the top of the food chain
there are only about thirty percent
successful when they go hunting now
there's a lesson about perseverance in
there somewhere
Siberian tigers the stripes on their fur
are you need with their patterns acting
as finger prints
leopards these are mostly active at
night during the day they like to rest
on tree branches Plains zebras they're
part of the equity family along with
horses and donkeys when a mama zebra has
falls it walks around them to help them
memorize her stripe pattern
hey where did we park the mom camels the
hump on a camel doesn't hold water
instead it contains fat the camel uses
this as nourishment when food is scarce
box jellyfish they have 24 eyes and one
of them is always looking upwards even
if they're swimming upside down I see
you Komodo dragons they're the heaviest
lizards on earth and the largest species
of lizard that still exists and no
they're not related to the kimono
dragons who wear the fine Japanese robes
blaggers they're the hybrid offspring of
male lions and female tigers they grow
larger than their parents moose have you
ever seen the pouch of skin that aims
from these guys necks this is called a
bell hey you go ring the bell I'm
staying here king cobras
some of these creatures can reach 18
feet in length which makes them the
longest of all venomous snakes Wow what
a nightmare oh sorry the Giant Pacific
octopus it can change color to blend in
with its surroundings it can also use
tools and recognize faces hippos they
usually move about on land at night they
prefer to spend the day resting in the
water
great white sharks even though that's
the average length of this beast some of
them can grow as big as a London bus
some can even drive a London bus now
white rhinos there are five species of
rhino and this is the biggest one they
enjoy spending time in the mud because
it protects them from sunburn giraffes a
giraffe sleeps four and a half hours a
day on average but not the way you and I
do
it's newses for only a few minutes
multiple times over 24 hours saltwater
crocodiles they can stay submerged in
water for more than an hour they have a
valve in their throats that closes to
stop water getting into their bodies
when they open their mouths under the
surface Burmese pythons these guys are
excellent swimmers and they can stay
below the surface for up to 30 minutes
goodie Asian elephants when flies
approach an Asian elephant will break a
branch off a tree to swat them away
African elephants these are the largest
land animals in the world they weigh
almost as much as to cruise ship anchors
green anacondas this is the world's
heaviest snake it weighs one and a half
times more than a giant panda it might
even be able to swallow a giant pet
never mind
whale sharks this is the biggest fish in
the sea
it weighs fifty thousand pounds that's
his third as heavy as the Space Shuttle
orcas
although thought to be whales the Orca
is in fact the largest species of
dolphin Tyrannosaurus Rex
scientists believe one of these could
eat up to 500 pounds of meat in just one
bite so that's what 2,000 quarter pound
hamburgers
colossal squid they live in the deep sea
surrounding Antarctica they're shorter
in length than the giant squid but their
dimensions are bigger giant squid a
giant squid has three hearts and its
eyes are as big as beach balls Hey look
if I saw one of those my eyes would pay
as big as beach balls blue whales the
loudest animal on the planet
the volume of its claws can reach 188
decibels it's even more deafening than a
jet engine and the winner is
siphonophore this is a colonial organism
recently discovered off the coast of
Australia scientists weren't able to
study its full length but believe it can
be up to 390 feet long